Hi guys, Korean Movie Recapped here. Before we
start, WARNING! Spoilers Ahead! Today, I’m going
to recap a 2020 Korean Crime-Thriller movie called
Deliver Us From Evil. An assassin just finished
his last contract and is about to retire. Little
does he know; a tragedy awaits him at the end of
his mission. Can he fulfill his retirement plan?
The story starts with In-nam, who is a Korean
Intelligence Agent. For some reason, the
higher-up at the Korean Intelligence Agency
is trying to wipe out his team after confidential
information about a black-ops mission was leaked
to the public. His chief, Chun-sung, asked
In-nam to leave the country to survive.
At the time, In-nam was in love with a Korean
girl named Young-ju, but he was commanded to
fly without her. He goes to Young-ju to say his
goodbye to her before he leaves for good. A group
of agents follows him to exterminate him, but he
fends them off and successfully runs away abroad.
Eight years later, In-nam works as an assassin
that kills criminals for money in japan.
His current target is the Director of the
Tokyo Branch of the Kanto Organization,
Koreda. He is a vicious man that has killed more
than just a couple of women. No other assassin
was willing to take the mission, but In-nam
managed to execute the contract flawlessly.
He then meets his contractor to get his
payment. The contractor offers him another task,
but he declines. He already decided to
retire after the last mission was done.
He goes to an underground bank to deposit his
money, then enjoys his time off at a restaurant.
At the restaurant, he thinks about
what he should do after he retires.
He is a wanted man back in Korea, and his
track record as an assassin makes him can’t
enjoy retirement like an average person. A
picture of a beautiful beach hanging on the
restaurant wall makes him decide to head out to
Panama and hides there for the rest of his life.
Meanwhile, Young-ju, In-nam’s ex-lover, lives
happily in Thailand with her daughter, Yoo-min.
She drops her daughter at her school and tells
her that a babysitter will fetch her after school,
then she heads to work. Some real estate agents
offer her a good deal, but she is hesitant as the
deal is too good to be true. After school,
as Yoo-min gets down from the school bus,
the babysitter takes her away with
her husband instead of going home.
After Young-ju realizes that her daughter
is missing, she reports to the police,
then contacts Chun-sung, to get her ex-lover
help. Chung-sung pretends to not know In-nam's
whereabouts, thinking that the situation is not
dire as she also doesn’t explain the kidnapping
situation to him. Suddenly, Young-ju receives
a phone call from someone she seems to know,
telling her that he found her daughter. That man
tells her to come immediately without noticing
the police and pay the kidnapper the ransom money
for the safety of Yoo-min. Chung-sun then calls
In-nam to say to him that Young-ju is looking for
him. He rejects it and tells him to say that he’s
already dead if she asks again. He doesn’t want
to be involved with his old life, not only for
his own good but for the safety of his loved one
too. But to his surprise, on the following day,
In-nam receives a message from Chun-sung,
telling him that Young-ju is found dead.
In-nam immediately goes back to Korea to see
Young-ju's body. The authorities tell him that
the local Thailand police found her body near
a pier. They only found the picture of a little
girl inside her wallet, which they used to track
her identity and send her body back to Korea.
As he opens the wallet, he sees Yo-min’s face for
the first time. In-nam then visits Chun-sung to
ask about the little girl and subsequently
discovers that Yoo-min is his daughter.
A new face has entered the stage. Ray the Butcher
is an infamous vicious killer in Japan. It turns
out that Ray is Koreda’s close friend. They are
so close that he considers Koreda as his brother.
In-nam gets a call from his ex-contractor in
Japan to warn him about Ray as he is seeking
revenge on the ones involved in the murder of
Koraeda. Just after the phone call is finished,
a car rams the contractor’s taxi. After he gains
consciousness, he finds himself strapped to a bed.
Without any effort, the kidnapers are
able to get In-nam’s location from him.
He thinks that if he cooperates with them,
Ray will let him go. But when Ray comes,
he ties him upside down and butchers him anyway.
Knowing that the hitman that assassinated his
brother is in Korea, Ray heads there immediately.
In-nam gets information from Chun-sung about a
man that lives in Bangkok called Lee, who can help
him investigate the truth behind Young-ju’s death.
So he heads to Bangkok. Unfortunately,
on the same day, Ray manages to get to
Chun-sung. He finds a poster of the missing
Yoo-min and decides to head to Bangkok too.
In Bangkok, In-nam meets Lee and pays
him to help with the investigation.
Lee had already dug out some information and
found out that the real estate agent Young-ju
worked with is a wanted fraudster and possibly
the one who has set up the kidnapping of Yoo-min.
After that, In-nam tracks down the real
estate agent and follows him around.
He manages to kidnap him and then tortures him to
get a confession, which he confesses to setting
up the kidnapping to get the ransom money from
Young-ju. But he doesn’t know the whereabouts of
Yoo-min now as the babysitter and her husband took
her. But it might be too late as the babysitter
said that they would kill Yoo-min. After the
real estate guy spilt all his schemes, In-nam
finishes him and starts to track the babysitter
to at least retrieve his daughter’s body.
Meanwhile, Ray the Butcher
has arrived in Bangkok too.
He employs a local gangster group to help him
track Yoo-min from the poster to get to In-nam.
But the local gangster betrays him for the
money, which is a big mistake for them.
Ray single-handedly wipes the whole gang and
forces the last member to track Yoo-min down.
With his skill as an assassin, tracking
the babysitter is not a big deal for him.
As he tortures the husband, the babysitter tells
him that Yoo-min is still alive and has been sold
to the Chaopo crime syndicate. The news rekindles
hope inside In-nam as there is still a chance to
save his daughter. He goes back to Lee to get
more information about the Chaopo syndicate.
It turns out that it’s a big drug syndicate that
also do human trafficking as their side business.
Lee then introduces Yui, a Korean
Shemale that works in Thailand’s club.
With her help, In-nam plans to infiltrate the
Chaopo hideout, disguised as a buyer looking
for a Korean child to harvest their organs.
With the translation help from Yui, they manage
to get inside and see a bunch of children in
the hideout. But Yoo-min is nowhere to be found.
They find out that someone has already bought
her. In-nam offers them as much as they want to
outbid the current buyer. The trafficker lady
tells them to wait outside. But after a while,
In-nam decides to go inside and breaks the
locked room to ask the children about Yoo-min.
One of the children recognizes Yoo-min’s photo
and tells them that she is on the way to surgery.
Before he manages to dig for more information,
the gang’s henchmen realize something is wrong
and confront them. In-nam easily beats them and
forces the trafficker lady to tell him Yoo-min’s
location. It turns out that they transferred
Yoo-min to a nearby province to conduct surgery
to harvest her heart, but she doesn’t know
the exact location. Suddenly, the previous
boy tells him the exact location as it turns out
that he had his kidney extracted there as well.
The trafficker lady runs, but she
doesn’t get far as Ray intercepts her.
The situation quickly becomes dire as now
In-nam must face the infamous Ray the Butcher.
In-nam tells Yui to run away with
the boy while he tries to hold Ray.
They have a fierce fight for a while, but
he manages to lock himself in a room then
escapes from the window, down to the street. Ray
tries to catch up, but he loses In-nam’s track.
Meanwhile, Yui successfully runs away with the
boy, but for some reason, the police detain her.
Seeing it, In-nam doesn’t have any other
choice besides leaving them for now.
By night, the police have swarmed the
building, cracking down the trafficker hideout.
The Chaopo’s henchmen assess the situation
and report it back to their leader,
Lan. The situation becomes more ugly as the
Chaopo Syndicate is hunting In-nam too now.
In-nam evaluates the situation with Lee to
plan their next move. They manage to locate
the location of Chaopo’s factory. But something is
making Lee nervous. He tells In-nam that Ray has
killed Chun-sung and got his phone. They need
to act carefully. But instead of doing that,
In-nam calls Chun-sung's phone to warn Ray to
stop the hunt. He promises him that if he does not
stop, he will end him. Ray accepts the challenge
and also promises to kill everyone he cares about.
Meanwhile, Yui is still inside the jail. The
police interrogate her to find out what happened
at the trafficker hideout. At first, Yui shuts
her mouth, but when the police threaten to give
her to the Chaopo syndicate, she tells them
that In-nam is going to the Chaopo’s factory
in a nearby province. When In-nam arrives at
the location, he realizes that Yoo-min is held
captive inside a football factory. He scouts the
surroundings and is able to see her from a window.
Not long after that, In-nam sees Yoo-min being
taken away from the football factory for surgery.
He chases them to a nearby clinic, but suddenly
Ray appears on a tuk-tuk, fully equipped with
heavy weaponry to kill him. In-nam is forced
to run for now as Ray is chasing him. But he
doesn’t have much time to play with Ray. The
doctors inside the clinic are already preparing
Yoo-min for the surgery. The situation becomes
more out of control when the SWAT team arrives.
But thanks to them, In-nam can sneak out of the
situation as the police keep Ray busy. He rushes
to the clinic and manages to kill the doctor
just before they are about to start the surgery.
Now that his daughter is safe, he contacts Lee to
arrange an escape route to Panama. Lee gives him
a contact of a smuggler that can help him get out
of the country. Lee himself is also running away
as Ray is getting closer. This event made Chaopo’s
operations in that province subsequently busted.
It turns out that some of the police are working
with the Chaopo syndicate. They hold a meeting to
discuss the situation when suddenly Ray barges in
to demand an audience with the leader, Lan. Having
a common goal, they decide to group up, under the
condition that Lan will be the one to kill him.
When Yoo-min regains consciousness, In-nam
tries to talk to her, but she doesn’t speak
a single word. He calls Yui to help him with
Yoo-min and tells her to meet them at a hotel.
Yui hesitates but agrees anyway. In-nam brings
Yoo-min to a clothing shop to dress her up,
then goes to the agreed-upon hotel. He is
worried about the condition of Yoo-min and
calls for a paediatrician. The paediatrician
checks her, but she is completely healthy.
He tries to talk once again with
her and shows her a magic trick.
It makes Yoo-min remember the magic
trick that her mother used to show her.
She finally opens up to him as he promises
her that he will protect her no matter what.
He hugs her and leaves her with the paediatrician
for a while to meet with the smuggler. He goes to
a nearby market to meet with the smuggler then
pays them to bring them out of the country.
When he returns to the hotel, he notices some men
are already waiting for him. He rushes back to the
room but gets stabbed a couple of times along
the way. When he opens the door, Ray is already
waiting for him. They bash In-nam's head, making
him unconscious. Unexpectedly, Ray kills Lan’s
men because he wants to kill In-nam himself.
Yui is waiting in the parking lot when she
sees Ray’s men dragging In-nam. She acts fast
and uses her car to ram them, setting him free.
Yoo-min is in another car with Ray, so In-nam
runs to chase them. He manages to intercept
them and shoots Ray in his shoulder. He jumps
to the car like a badass and strangles Ray.
The car crashes as they continue to brawl. In-nam
realizes that Yoo-min is inside a suitcase. Ray
catches him off guard and stabs him. Running
out of options, he set off one of Ray’s Grenade.
The explosion shook them, but all of them managed
to survive. Yui comes and brings Yoo-min away. As
he sees them running away to safety, he sets
off another grenade, killing himself and ray.
Yoo-min is now safe with Yui. They go to
a locker and find a bag left by In-nam.
The bag is full of cash and the documents
they need to live a peaceful life in Panama.
Yoo-min and Yui then set off to Panama
to fulfill In-nam’s retirement plan.
She lives happily with Yui, without her mother’s
warm hand, and her father’s lovely smile.
Subscribe to watch more videos like this,
turn on notifications, and leave a like
and comment to help the channel out. Thank
you for watching, and see you, next time.